Glasses are really versatile. First, you can have glasses-wearing girls take them off and suddenly become beautiful, or have girls wearing glasses flashing those cute grins, or have girls stealing the protagonist's glasses and putting them on like, "Haha, got your glasses!" That's just way too cute! Also, boys with glasses! I really like when their glasses have that suspicious looking gleam, and it's amazing how it can look really cool or just be a joke. I really like how it can fulfill all those abstract needs. Being able to switch up the styles and colors of glasses based on your mood is a lot of fun too! It's actually so much fun! You have those half rim glasses, or the thick frame glasses, everything! It's like you're enjoying all these kinds of glasses at a buffet. I really want Luna to try some on or Marine to try some on to replace her eyepatch. We really need glasses to become a thing in hololive and start selling them for HoloComi. Don't. You. Think. We. Really. Need. To. Officially. Give. Everyone. Glasses?
The English language is an amazing script, capable of both being read and written. However, the Texan variation of the language, is particularly interesting. An example of this is the word y'all. Y'all is the combination of the regular English words You and All, however this can be taken further to make Y'all've, Y'all all or Y'alall and many other variations. The Texan language is truly fascinating, and researchers are attempting to decode it, as it is very complex.
You have made a massive mistake. Doing this for me would have made you a symbol in the world of intellect and literature. It is so typical for someone like you to forget this. It is so typical for someone like you to use abbreviated words. I was prepared to open your world to my knowledge and share my stories and art, with you. You will forever regret the choice you just made, so I will offer to let you do this project again. If you do not, you will have to face the consequences.
DO IT, just DO IT! Don't let your dreams be dreams. Yesterday, you said tomorrow. So just. DO IT! Make. your dreams. COME TRUE! Just... do it! Some people dream of success, while you're gonna wake up and work HARD at it! NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE!You should get to the point where anyone else would quit, and you're not gonna stop there. NO! What are you waiting for? ... DO IT! Just... DO IT! Yes you can! Just do it! If you're tired of starting over, stop. giving. up.
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis "the wise"? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
The missile knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, or where it isn't from where it is whichever is greater, it obtains a difference, or deviation. The guidance subsystem uses deviations to generate corrective commands to drive the missile from a position where it is to a position where it isn't, and arriving at a position where it wasn't, it now is. Consequently, the position where it is, is now the position that it wasn't, and it follows that the position that it was, is now the position that it isn't. In the event that the position that it is in is not the position that it wasn't, the system has acquired a variation, the variation being the difference between where the missile is, and where it wasn't. If variation is considered to be a significant factor, it too may be corrected by the GEA. However, the missile must also know where it was. The missile guidance computer scenario works as follows. Because a variation has modified some of the information the missile has obtained, it is not sure just where it is. However, it is sure where it isn't, within reason, and it knows where it was. It now subtracts where it should be from where it wasn't, or vice-versa, and by differentiating this from the algebraic sum of where it shouldn't be, and where it was, it is able to obtain the deviation and its variation, which is called error.
John, by the grace of God, king of England, lord of Ireland, duke of Normandy and Aquitaine, and count of Anjou, to the archbishop, bishops, abbots, earls, barons, justiciaries, foresters, sheriffs, stewards, servants, and to all his bailiffs and liege subjects, greetings. Know that, having regard to God and for the salvation of our soul, and those of all our ancestors and heirs, and unto the honor of God and the advancement of his holy Church and for the rectifying of our realm, we have granted as underwritten by advice of our venerable fathers, Stephen, archbishop of Canterbury, primate of all England and cardinal of the holy Roman Church, Henry, archbishop of Dublin, William of London, Peter of Winchester, Jocelyn of Bath and Glastonbury, Hugh of Lincoln, Walter of Worcester, William of Coventry, Benedict of Rochester, bishops of Master Pandulf, subdeacon and member of the household of our lord the Pope, of brother Aymeric, and of the illustrious men William Marshal, earl of Pembroke, William, earl of Salisbury, William, earl of Warenne, William, earl of Arundel, Alan of Galloway, Waren Fitz Gerold, Peter Fitz Herbert, Hubert De Burgh, Hugh de Neville, Matthew Fitz Herbert, Thomas Basset, Alan Basset, Philip d'Aubigny, Robert of Roppesley, John Marshal, John Fitz Hugh, and others, our liegemen.
Because I'm a star Stellar Stellar You must have realized Something I depicted deep in my heart that I'll tell you from now on My cliched monologue For the whole time, there were words I couldn't say There was a wall I can't break for the entire time The sudden scent of morning, I really hate it no matter what Hugged my legs in the corner of the room,trembling I don't need the sun Please don't let the dawn break Hold out your hand so you can reach the others I'm the same as you Nothing special at all Yeah, that's right, I'll sing about the night Stellar Stellar With all the radiance I have, the music tonight won't, won't ever stop Yes, that's right, for all this time I never wanted to be Cinderella who waited, but the prince who greeted the princess Because I'm a star But that's just a simple story Sleeping in the corner of a notebook, enumerated nothing but ideals A mere one scene That star must be crying too Please tomorrow, just stay away! Hold out your hand so you can reach the others It seems that the truly precious things won't be visible to the eyes Yeah, that's right, I'll sing about the night Stellar Stellar Don't just think as it is the music tonight surely, surely won't ever stop Yes, that's right, for all this time I never wanted to be a delicate heroine but a hero who came to save the princess It's such a dreamy fairy tale A mere fairy tale Yeah, that's right, I'll sing about the night Stellar Stellar With all the radiance I have, the music tonight won't, won't ever stop Yeah, that's right, I'll sing about love Stellar Stellar In the world, in the center of universe, the music tonight won't, won't ever stop Yes, that's right, for all this time  I never wanted to be Cinderella who waited, but the prince who greeted the princess Because I'm a star Because I've been a star Stellar Stellar
sorry for poor english I am russia was playing online grand theft automobile when hit fellow video gamer car with my car. i exit auto mobile and attempt trading of insurance information when I am hit by pistol bullet. fellow gamer goes into my vehicular and driver car. I am to look inside of his vehicular transportation when i cannot find vehicle registration under his name. call local police officer but he is not help, he is say racism things at me i am a white in real but I enjoy roleplay as africa. so if anyone sees car license 7EDT417 please use telephone and call me